lib: nrf_modem: rename `lte_connectivity` -> `lte_net_if` (#12960)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

> * :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`:
> 
>    * Added a mention about enabling TF-M logging while using modem traces in the :ref:`modem_trace_module`.
>    * Renamed ``lte_connectivity`` module to ``lte_net_if`` and all related Kconfig options accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`:

  * Added a mention about enabling TF-M logging while using modem traces in the :ref:`modem_trace_module`.
  * Updated by renaming ``lte_connectivity`` module to ``lte_net_if``.
    All related Kconfig options have been renamed accordingly.
```

Author: THank you, updated.
